The number of connected devices in the network is growing. 
net work management is becoming more complex.
Closed-loop network management can be a solution to adress 
the problem.
The concept of self-driving ntwork has been arising as
the solution of th closed-loop network management.
knpwledge defined networking, network telemetry and software
definef network are fundamental building blocks to realise 
self driving network.this article propose an architecture 
for self-driving network and suggest its use cases.
Background :
P4 is a high level language for programming protocol
independent packet processors, is used to progrm how 
packets are to be processed in the data path. allowing 
the programmers to decide how a switch parses, modifies
and forward packet with their own parsers and actions.
INT is a network monitoring framework designed to collect
and report the states directly from data plane.

Proposed Architecture :
1.Control Plane:
SDN controller works as control plane and desploys INT
functionnality to programmable switchrs.it also controls 
network monitoring using INT.

2.Data Plane:
in here we generate for each packets an INT metadata
extracted and trasmitted to management plane.

3. Management plane: 
INT metadata is collected in this step, stored and 
aggregated for furthuer analysis in knowledge plane. INT 
metadata collector converts the metadata into JSON 
format and sends it to the distributed messaging system.
The distributed messaging system provides scalability of
the plane.It distributes the metadata to one of the data
stream processors.

4. Knowledge Plane :
In knowledge plane, the data gathered in management plane
is fed to ML algorithmms and the output of the algorithms
is knowledge. a model of the network. Knowledge is then
converted into the form of intent to describe requirement 
to chnage network configuration.


USE CASE : Traffic Engineeringm Netzork Anomaly Detection 

Evaluation and Discussion:

The performance evaluation is done by measuring IntMon 
processing time, CPU usage and calculating network bandwidth
overhead.

Conclusion : 
The article presented the concept of self-driving network
telemetry and KDN brings the intelligence to the network
management, using the telemetry data.The article presented 
also the design and implementation of an INT monitoring 
framework, on the ONOS controller that enables packet-level 
monitoring.

